Group organisation: 

How we started:
    Which project do we choose? Which tools do we use?
    Slack: for answering questions/discuss
    Trello: for organising the tasks
    Short meeting everyday in the morning at 9
How we used Trello:
    KANBAN Board with four columns:
        Backlog - tasks that have to be done
        In progress - tasks that someone is working on
        Review - tasks that are done but need to be reviewed by colleagues/linked to the whole project
        Done - completely finished
    Tasks were marked with people that were working on them.
    Tasks included images of the design we decided to rebuilt.



-Customer reviews 
made with css, bootstrap and native angular animation (to make it a bit more interessting)
responsive on all screens 

-Portfolio
main section created with css /grid configuration / and responsive on all screens 
bottom section created with bootstrap.
each img has hover effect with opacity and scaling.

-Navbar
Made the Hover effect with CSS.
The rest is designed with bootstrap.

Responsivness: For Large screens it is displayed on one row, but
once the User resizes the page, it will split the nav-logo & nav-items
into two rows.

Via RouterLink from Angular the User can navigate to other page components.

-Footer
Designed with bootstrap and when the page is resized,
the content stays centered and takes up space according to its needs.

Social media icons added, via bootstrap-icons + Contact-Me button.
Contains links to other parts of the page.
(For the sake of the project, they are currently empty/lead to no where)


-Hero Section
Image Slider, created with Bootstrap for angular:

    1) npm i bootstrap
    2) add bootstrap.min.css & bootstrap.js to "angular.json" fields
    3) npm add @ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap (in terminal)
    4) Add "import {NgbModule} from "@ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap"

The Slider currently goes through an array of images in the 
"assets/portfolio-images" folder.

Other elements below the slider display a short introduction
of the photographer and an overview of his professional services with 
visual clues.
(Designed with bootstrap)



aBout Page -- Owl Carousel form open source library implemented and further adjusted with css styling.

